Hello, freak bitches. It's amazing that stuff's legal.
Did you watch.
60 Minutes? Three weeks ago? No, that was the whole, that was the.
Who was it? Just about the op opioid epidemic and oh,
the DEA stopped prosecuting. The word came from, you know, it's just man,
they're terrible. Those things. Listen, those things are terrible.
Yeah. There was a whole article recently about the company that,
that sells most of the opioids and the family that's behind that company.
And how many billions of dollars that they've made off the opioid crisis,
opioid opioid, or be it how we say opioid? I always say it wrong.
Once that grips you. That synthetic heroin. That's what that right? Isn't it?
Yeah, essentially. Yeah. It's.
Uh, it's a bad grip. Like I said,
I took a 16th one night in my living room and I had to lay that and that was my
that's my whole resume with Oxycontins and I I'm a meal.
I can eat 2000 milligrams of THC and live a 16th of one of those
pills. I popped. It was just a little piece. Nothing.
My blood pressure dropped so much. I just laid down,
went to sleep and I knew my pill career had come to an end.
Never even let it start. Really never even let it start. Can you believe brother
in two weeks, it's gonna be 10 years since I've done that wipe out.
I want you to think about that. Wow. 10 years. I want you to really think about,
I still remember being at Cobbs with you that January and like going it's been
two months. I don't know if I could really do this. Like,
I don't know if I control this feeling and I controlled it. It's.
So you like when you quit, what was like the first week? Like.
Hell hell first two weeks were hell.
Did you think about going back? Just like,
I can't do this or did you know that you had had to make a change?
I had to make a change. I knew that my spine was starting to hurt.
I knew that yeah. Spine was starting to hurt. Yeah. I was starting to get jolted
just by four in the morning, you know, after you do Coke.
Oh right at the tip over here. A.
Lot of people who've done Coke. Get like Parkinson's.
Yeah, that. No, no, no, no, no. Once.
I started. So you think that's related? Well, a lot of,
lot of old timers that did a lot of Coke in the seventies,
and then they wound up like some serious neuromuscular, absolutely.
That shocks to your central nervous system. There was times I did cocaine.
That was like electric. It was like,
when you put that thing in your hand or you get electrocuted,
you could feel the electric in your body the next day, like that,
like in your brain,
like you could actually see the neural transmitters of non fire.
You could feel that, you know,
I could tell when I would go on stage after doing two or three nights of blow
that week, I had no control. I really had no control over my material.
I had no control over my delivery. That's what I wanted to tell you.
Like you just, the way you communicate.
Is off. Yeah. Your mind can't grip it. You can't sell the joke.
The facial doesn't connect with the hand movement or the breathing.
So like I knew that that was always gonna be a danger in the future. Now,
you know, I take all that, uh, for like a year I drank those, uh,
what's your butt, these names that makes the neurosurgeon milkshakes,
the football player. That beat the guy.
Up Ky. Oh.
Romanowski. I took all his stuff for like a year just to, did you, yeah.
The orange drink and stuff.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> neuro one. That stuff did that help you?
Yeah, it felt good. It felt a lot better. You know, I did.
Give your brain some.
Nutrients getting some control. Yeah. But 10 years, I mean that, that, uh,
I had to do a benefit in Hoboken and I had gotten high. Like that whole summer.
I tried to get off Coke. I was doing the heroin.
I was trying to get off the Coke. And then that September I ran outta heroin.
So I was doing it like maybe once a week.
And the whole thing went down in Maryland. I knew I had to stop.
And then I had this thing in Hoboken. I went, whole.
Thing, went down, Maryland Martinez. When she.
Died, she was dying. I went, I went back east that week and she was dying.
I don't know what happened. It was like, you know what?
I was trying to get Coke on Friday night. I couldn't get it.
And I just took it for what it was. I was trying to get Coke on Saturday.
I couldn't get it. So it. I took the plane back Sunday. I couldn't get it. He,
something could happen. I couldn't get it.
And then that Monday I had a meeting to do a movie. And at the end of the, uh,
the meeting, the guy said, listen, man, we know about your drug problem.
So before you say yes,
we want you to think about this cuz you can't miss a day on this movie.
You cannot be late. If you're late.
The whole movie can't shoot because it was a cast mm-hmm <affirmative> we all
shot in one room. It was an AA meeting. So I thought about it. I I'll do it.
And that was the roughest month ever.
Cuz I was just going home and before eight o'clock would start,
I would just go to bed cuz eight o'clock was my cocaine time.
That's when my body would start to ache. That's when I, it,
and even you could be telling me the most important thing in your life and I'd
be watching you, but I couldn't hear. Mm.
All my mind was focusing on was getting that blow at eight o'clock. Wow.
And then I would figure out how to get the 60 bucks. You know,
I'm gonna go to the ATM machine. I would shoot over the rock and roll routes.
There's that ATM machine in front of rock and roll routes right there. Yeah.
And I would take 60 bucks out that dog.
I would run every red light to get to that ATM machine. Like I didn't give a.
Like I didn't give a. And, and then from there would just make the,
U-turn go to my dealer's house, go home and leave the Coke there.
And now is ready for the night I was in peace.
Just knowing that the Coke was at the house. I didn't have to do it.
You know, I, I don't,
I've never been physically addicted to something in a way where I had a hard
time kicking it, but I've had some psychological addictions for sure.
And I think that one of the things that's that I've gotten out of this month of
uh, no, the sober October thing that Tom Burton, Ari and I are doing is that,
uh, a lot of it is psychological.
A lot of it is psychological because just knowing that we can't smoke pot or
can't drink all month, you start thinking about, oh,
we're at the home stretch November 1st around the corner.
Like I don't really feel like I need to get high.
It's not like I need to a drink tomorrow,
but it's knowing that can't do it for the month where it hangs over your head.
So that's, what's even more impressive that you could kick it,
cuz it's not just the fact that you, you have like a physical problem,
but you also have this psychological problem.
Like the psychological part of it is like, it's,
it's a pattern that you're comfortable with.
You got used to that pattern of eight O' you're looking for the Coke.
You go and do it. And then you're off. It's like you're off.
Even though you're you're in chaos,
your life's in disarray and you're in the grips of addiction.
You're comfortable with that feeling.
You've been there before and you're B for whatever reason,
when people get used to up and they go, why do I keep up?
One of the reasons you keep up because you're used to up used to.
And it's not an uncomfortable feeling in the sense that it's it's you've,
you know, it, it might suck, but you know, it's the devil, you know, you know.
There was nights I didn't wanna do it and I still did it. Do you understand me?
I didn't wanna do it. Like I didn't need to do it. Like I didn't feel, I just.
Wanna do it, but it was just something to do. Like it.
Was just something to do. Wow. It was just something to do.
But you know what I tell people all the time is you want to have to quit.
It just doesn't happen. Like I quit at 44. I'm no genius,
but it took me two years. Like it was a two year struggle,
like a personal little struggle. Like.
When did you know that it was that you were free?
Cause you didn't go to AA or narcotics. And.
All, I went to one meeting, an AA meeting and I went in Hollywood,
which everything is good until you go to it in Hollywood.
Because in Hollywood you act, you,
you add the dramatic and the actor image to it. You know,
if you go to an AA meeting in Jersey, they're in their smoking, camel, reds,
talking from the heart. You go to an, a, a meeting in Hollywood,
you got people with AA tattoos on their arm. <laugh> hugging each other.
You know, it's a Jamee.
They're just happy to be in AA. So like it's a new clan that they're in. And.
Then what happens is after about two months in this area,
for some reason I've noticed. Cause I have a lot of friends in an AA. They,
somebody approaches you. It says, you know, what's going on? You're like,
I'm struggling. They're like, why have you seen Dr. Bob? They're like Dr. Bob,
gosh, I'm just making this name. They're like Dr. Bob. Oh my God.
Tell him about Dr. Bob. Tell Joe about Dr. Oh, Dr.
Bob is changed your whole life. So basically you'll see Dr. Bob,
he gives you a referendum, whatever, uh, prescription, what have,
you know, like, oh, you're bipolar, right? You're this.
Now they start shooting at her all at you, all the other at you.
So you're really not sober. Oh, you're really not sober.
You see now after I got clean, I discovered I had a problem.
I discovered I was bipolar or Johnny GOBA or this or that or
this right now, that medication they give you, you know,
on top of the O opiate epidemic, how bad a Adderall Adderall is.
So I'm up is Adderall